Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/state/inspect.mdx

---

> page_title: Inspect Terraform state overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Inspect Terraform state
```

> description: The `terraform state` group of commands help you inspect Terraform state. Learn how inspecting Terraform state can help you read and update state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The `terraform state` group of commands let you inspect Terraform state.
```

---

> # Inspect Terraform State Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Inspect Terraform State 
```

otherwise it reads as if we're inspecting a state overview.
